# Mani
Prohomey is an professional home appliance and  service provider in Chennai provides laptop service, computer service, Air Conditioner service, washing machine service, fridge service, Interior decoration, construction, painting, plumbing, modular kitchen etc.. Laptop &amp; Computer Service: Provide all brand laptop and desktop service like hardware repair, software installation and system assembling as customer requirement. Air Conditioner Service: Providing air conditioner service like installation, gas filling, general service, wet service, ac shifting and board issue with genuine spare parts with service warranty.  Washing Machine Service:  Both Top load and front load washing machines of all brand  will serviced by Prohomey team across Chennai with best customer rating and we providing genuine washing machine cleaning powder at best quality. Fridge Service: Both Single door and double door units are service by Prohomey service team we will fix all the issues like cooling issue, ice formation, water leakage, cut off issue of the freezer. Interior Decoration:  Providing Interior decoration for both commercial and non-commercial sites.  For home we providing both interior decoration and exterior decoration service designing with Prohomey engineers. Construction: design a home with experienced artichecher and construct with experienced engineers and final output will be Prohomey customers dream. Plumbing: A to Z Plumbing service like bore well, pipe line fixing replacing pipe line, development, water issue etc… Prohomey expert team will fix the issue with best. Painting:  paint a new Prohomey existing home with best quality painting as customer suggestion after consult with the engineer of the site. Modular Kitchen: Modular Kitchen is a house wife major wish in home so designing a modular kitchen is one of the important.  Prohomey  ( https://prohomey.com) Currently Service Offering Only In Chennai India this Service In Laptop – Computer – Air Conditioner – Washing Machine - TV – Fridge  Contact - +919941101071 &amp; Mail admin@prohomey.com
